Cukoo Bird
----------
Another strange bird behavior is that of the Cuckoo bird. Cuckoo birds have a rather interesting approach to parenting in that they do not build a nest to lay their 
eggs in, but do so in other bird’s nests for them to look after their young. The Cuckoo bird is solitary and will lay or drop its eggs into the nest of another bird 
once she’s observed that the other birds have gone out. She will then quickly lay her eggs or transfers them there. Each breeding season she will find new places to 
deposit her eggs and once her eggs hatch, she will attempt to drop the other species eggs out of their own nest when the foster parents are out in order to secure her 
own babies’ survival.

Run around trying the score eggs into others' nests without them noticing

Bowerbird
---------
For all those anal-retentive interior designers the Bowerbird enjoys decorating too. Not only does the Bowerbird make great efforts to adorn his nest, he even goes so 
far as to destroy the nests of his neighbors in order to draw more attention to his own. In an effort to attract a mate, the male Bowerbird builds what are termed, 
‘bowers’. The Bowerbird is a meticulous decorator and will use flowers, feathers, stones and bits of discarded plastic and glass to decorate his ‘bachelor pad’ in 
the hopes of impressing a female. The Bowerbird will even decorate using one particular color. He will focus on decorating for hours and only break his concentration 
when he goes to another bird’s home to steal or vandalize.

Try to build the best nest and steal from others'

Goat
----
These goats have muscles that freeze for 10 seconds when they panic.
Coyote Fox Wolf
Tag game where they freeze

Sea Turtles
-----------
Just last week, divers in the Solomon Islands discovered a glowing sea turtle under the waves. While other animals are known to be bioluminescent, this is the first 
documented case of a glowing reptile in the wild. According to diver David Gruber, an associate professor of biology at Baruch College, the hawksbill sea turtle’s 
shell glowed both red and green, but it’s likely that the red came from biofluorescent algae.
“It could be a way for them to communicate, for them to see each other better, [or] to blend into the reefs,” which are also biofluorescent, Gruber told Live Science. 
“It adds visual texture into the world that’s primarily blue.

Crows
-----
Crows have the amazing memory capacity to remember those who have wronged them. In one test, crows that were once captured remembered their abductors- even going so 
far as to dive bomb them when spotted. To test the theory of whether crows remembered the face in reality, twelve male crows were captured by researchers all wearing 
a “threatening” mask. During the four weeks of captivity, the birds were fed by people wearing a “caring” mask. To understand what was going on in their brains, they 
were shown the two faces, and then given a brain scan. The birds that were shown the caring face reacted neutrally, and the birds presented with the threatening face 
were distressed.

Cow
---
Back in 2008, scientists noticed a strange behavior among that most seemingly unremarkable of Earth’s animals: cows. Thanks to a new perspective afforded by Google 
Earth, they could see that cattle around the world weren’t just standing haphazardly, but rather a significant portion of them appeared to purposefully point 
themselves either north or south. Which leaves two questions: how and why? The common answer to the first question is that cows, like many other animals, may have 
magnetoreception, the ability to sense the Earth’s magnetic fields. The answer to why cows align themselves this way, however, remains something of a mystery.

Crocodile
---------
Take an X-ray of a crocodile’s stomach and there are a few things you can expect to see. It is likely to reveal the remains of fish, birds and any other edible prey 
they have gobbled, as well as a much more intriguing meal option: a handful of rocks. But why would a crocodile munch down of a pile of pebbles? One thing is for 
sure, it’s not for nutritional purposes. There are two main theories as to why these scaly reptilians swallow stones. One school suggests the stones add weight, 
helping them stay underwater, while others say the stones help break down the hard bones of the crocodile’s prey, which they typically eat whole.

Spider
------
You’ve seen spider webs strung high in the branches between two trees. How is the spider able to reach between this distance, which is often more than several feet?
The answer begins with the spider’s ability to transform liquid silk inside its special glands into solid threads. The spider does this by physically pulling the 
spider silk through its spinnnerets – silk-secreting organs on its abdomen. Once the thread is started, the spider lifts its spinnerets into the breeze. It’s the 
breeze that is the secret to the spider’s ability to spin a web from tree to another.
Spider silk is very lightweight. Any slight breeze – even convection currents from a patch of ground warming in the sun – can carry the thread from tree to tree.
Although the thread isn’t sticky or gluey, it can still stick to the tree. Most likely it just gets tangled on small protuberances. Or it adheres due to static 
electrical forces, like balloons sticking to a TV screen.
At this point, the spider can use the thread to “tightrope walk” from one tree to another. Usually, the spider is hanging underneath the thread on its journey from 
tree to tree.

Many spiders build new webs each night or day, depending on when they hunt. And spiders recycle – some eat their old webs and use the digested silk to produce new ones. 
Bottom line: The breeze is the key to a spider’s ability to spin a web between two trees.

Why build webs? They serve as “pretty much offense and defense,” says Coddington. “If you’re going to live in a web, it’s going to be a defensive structure,” he says, 
noting that vibrations in the strands can alert the spiders to predators. Webs are also used to catch prey, says Coddington, whose research has focused in part on 
spider evolution and taxonomy.
Sometimes spiders eat their own webs when they are done with them, as a way to replenish the silk supply.
Spider silk is made of connected protein chains that help make it strong, along with unconnected areas that give it flexibility. It is produced in internal glands, 
moving from a soluble form to a hardened form and then spun into fiber by the spinnerets on the spider’s abdomen.
Spiders’ multiple spinnerets and eight legs come in handy for web-building. The architecture of a web is very species-specific, says Coddington. “If you show me a 
web, I can tell you what spider made it,” he says, adding that spiders “are opinionated” about where they will make a web. Some might be at home in the bottom of a 
paper cup, while others wouldn’t touch that space.
Most web-building happens under the cover of darkness.

